# NBA-Game-Outcome-Prediction
"# msc-data-science-project-2019-20-files-jubreocta" "# msc-data-science-project-2019-20-files-jubreocta" The compile file does all the work first importing functions from other file and combining them. Most of the compile file is comented out as the ranking and feature selection work is in there and very computationally expensive. All this data is was saved in csv files which are available in the Results folder. The compile.py file is set to print the cross validation results from the 2 training methods sored from the model combination with the highest average accuracy. It also prints the top 10 most surprising results. To re run the code from ranking and feature selection, parts of the compile.py script have to be uncommented. The compile.py is divided into sections to allow uncommenting individual sections. Again it is not necessary to uncomment as the information needed for the model to run is saved in csv files in the Results folder. The compile.py file as pushed takes a few minutes to run, printing the accuracy results and surprise datasets.

Files: 30TeamsSeasonalRankings - folder containing generated 30 teams seasonal ratings Data - folder where data is stored. Includes raw data from basketball reference as well as transformed forms of the data set Display - Contains the power bi rile with all the visuals used as well as screeshots of pictures used in the report PreviousSeasonRankings - folder containing previous season data rating values Rankings - folder containing ranking values for the previous n months gererated using PreviousSeasonRankings Results - csvs with results showing accuracies comparing different evaluation processes bruteforce.txt - file updated with best brute force results Compile.py - python file which puts together the whole data pipeline CSVTransform.py - Transforms the raw data files from basketball reference into datasets that can be used in the data pipeline Evaluation.py - contains all functions used in evaluating results Fatigue.py - contains all functions used to generate fatigue features FurtherAnalysis.py - contains all functions linked to calculating surprise Load.py - contains the function that changes raw files transformed from basketball reference into a file understood by the rankinging and evaluation functions Manipulations.py - contains the functions used to make transformations on datasets RankingMethods.py - contains all code used to genetrate and apply ranking methods on a loaded dataset to produce rating values.
